README.md, before:

# MongoDB Mini Project

This project was created as part of the lessons on MongoDB with the Code Institute.

Add site responsive screenshot here ![]()

Link to deployed site to go here []()

![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/kera-cudmore/mongodb-miniproject?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/kera-cudmore/mongodb-miniproject?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub language count](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/kera-cudmore/mongodb-miniproject?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub top language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/kera-cudmore/mongodb-miniproject?style=for-the-badge)

## CONTENTS

* [User Experience](#User-Experience)
  * [User Stories](#User-Stories)

* [Design](#Design)
  * [Colour Scheme](#Colour-Scheme)
  * [Typography](#Typography)
  * [Imagery](#Imagery)
  * [Wireframes](#Wireframes)
  * [Features](#Features)
  * [Accessibility](#Accessibility)

* [Technologies Used](#Technologies-Used)
  * [Languages Used](#Languages-Used)
  * [Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used](#Frameworks,-Libraries-&-Programs-Used)

* [Deployment & Local Development](#Deployment-&-Local-Development)
  * [Deployment](#Deployment)
  * [Local Development](#Local-Development)
    * [How to Fork](#How-to-Fork)
    * [How to Clone](#How-to-Clone)

* [Testing](#Testing)
  
* [Credits](#Credits)
  * [Code Used](#Code-Used)
  * [Content](#Content)
  * [Media](#Media)
  * [Acknowledgments](#Acknowledgments)

- - -

## User Experience

### User Stories


#### First Time Visitor Goals


#### Returning Visitor Goals


#### Frequent Visitor Goals


- - -

## Design

### Colour Scheme

Image of colour scheme to go here


### Typography

Google Fonts was used to import the chosen fonts for use in the site.


### Imagery


### Wireframes

Wireframes were created for mobile, tablet and desktop using ...

Wireframes links/images to go here

### Features

The website is comprised of …

* All Pages on the website have:

* Future Implementations.


### Accessibility

I have been mindful during coding to ensure that the website is as accessible friendly as possible. This has been have achieved by:

* Using semantic HTML.
* Using descriptive alt attributes on images on the site.
* Providing information for screen readers where there are icons used and no text.
* Ensuring that there is a sufficient colour contrast throughout the site.

- - -

## Technologies Used

### Languages Used

HTML, CSS, Javascript, Python

### Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used

Balsamiq - Used to create wireframes.

Git - For version control.

Github - To save and store the files for the website.

MongoDB - For the Database

Google Fonts - To import the fonts used on the website.

Font Awesome - For the iconography on the website.

Google Dev Tools - To troubleshoot and test features, solve issues with responsiveness and styling.

[Tiny PNG](https://tinypng.com/) To compress images.

[Birme](https://www.birme.net/) To resize images and convert to webp format.

[Favicon.io](https://favicon.io/) To create favicon.

[Am I Responsive?](http://ami.responsivedesign.is/) To show the website image on a range of devices.

[Shields.io](https://shields.io/) To add badges to the README

- - -

## Deployment & Local Development

### Deployment

The site is deployed using Heroku

Add instructions on how to deploy here?

### Local Development

#### How to Fork

To fork the repository:

1. Log in (or sign up) to Github.
2. Go to the repository for this project, [mongodb-miniproject](https://github.com/kera-cudmore/mongodb-miniproject).
3. Click the Fork button in the top right corner.

#### How to Clone

To clone the repository:

1. Log in (or sign up) to GitHub.
2. Go to the repository for this project, [mongodb-miniproject](https://github.com/kera-cudmore/mongodb-miniproject).
3. Click on the code button, select whether you would like to clone with HTTPS, SSH or GitHub CLI and copy the link shown.
4. Open the terminal in your code editor and change the current working directory to the location you want to use for the cloned directory.
5. Type 'git clone' into the terminal and then paste the link you copied in step 3. Press enter.

- - -

## Testing

Please see [testing.md](testing.md) for all testing performed
- - -

## Credits

### Code Used

### Content


### Media

Commit message:

refactor code to remove linting errors & added to code used section

README.md, after:

# MongoDB Mini Project

This project was created as part of the lessons on MongoDB with the Code Institute.

Add site responsive screenshot here

Link to deployed site to go here

![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/kera-cudmore/mongodb-miniproject?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/kera-cudmore/mongodb-miniproject?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub language count](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/kera-cudmore/mongodb-miniproject?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub top language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/kera-cudmore/mongodb-miniproject?style=for-the-badge)

## CONTENTS

* [User Experience](#User-Experience)
  * [User Stories](#User-Stories)

* [Design](#Design)
  * [Colour Scheme](#Colour-Scheme)
  * [Typography](#Typography)
  * [Imagery](#Imagery)
  * [Wireframes](#Wireframes)
  * [Features](#Features)
  * [Accessibility](#Accessibility)

* [Technologies Used](#Technologies-Used)
  * [Languages Used](#Languages-Used)
  * [Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used](#Frameworks,-Libraries-&-Programs-Used)

* [Deployment & Local Development](#Deployment-&-Local-Development)
  * [Deployment](#Deployment)
  * [Local Development](#Local-Development)
    * [How to Fork](#How-to-Fork)
    * [How to Clone](#How-to-Clone)

* [Testing](#Testing)
  
* [Credits](#Credits)
  * [Code Used](#Code-Used)
  * [Content](#Content)
  * [Media](#Media)
  * [Acknowledgments](#Acknowledgments)

- - -

## User Experience

### User Stories

#### First Time Visitor Goals

#### Returning Visitor Goals

#### Frequent Visitor Goals

- - -

## Design

### Colour Scheme

Image of colour scheme to go here

### Typography

Google Fonts was used to import the chosen fonts for use in the site.

### Imagery

### Wireframes

Wireframes were created for mobile, tablet and desktop using ...

Wireframes links/images to go here

### Features

The website is comprised of …

* All Pages on the website have:

* Future Implementations.

### Accessibility

I have been mindful during coding to ensure that the website is as accessible friendly as possible. This has been have achieved by:

* Using semantic HTML.
* Using descriptive alt attributes on images on the site.
* Providing information for screen readers where there are icons used and no text.
* Ensuring that there is a sufficient colour contrast throughout the site.

- - -

## Technologies Used

### Languages Used

HTML, CSS, Javascript, Python

### Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used

Balsamiq - Used to create wireframes.

Git - For version control.

Github - To save and store the files for the website.

MongoDB - For the Database

Google Fonts - To import the fonts used on the website.

Font Awesome - For the iconography on the website.

Google Dev Tools - To troubleshoot and test features, solve issues with responsiveness and styling.

[Tiny PNG](https://tinypng.com/) To compress images.

[Birme](https://www.birme.net/) To resize images and convert to webp format.

[Favicon.io](https://favicon.io/) To create favicon.

[Am I Responsive?](http://ami.responsivedesign.is/) To show the website image on a range of devices.

[Shields.io](https://shields.io/) To add badges to the README

- - -

## Deployment & Local Development

### Deployment

The site is deployed using Heroku

Add instructions on how to deploy here?

### Local Development

#### How to Fork

To fork the repository:

1. Log in (or sign up) to Github.
2. Go to the repository for this project, [mongodb-miniproject](https://github.com/kera-cudmore/mongodb-miniproject).
3. Click the Fork button in the top right corner.

#### How to Clone

To clone the repository:

1. Log in (or sign up) to GitHub.
2. Go to the repository for this project, [mongodb-miniproject](https://github.com/kera-cudmore/mongodb-miniproject).
3. Click on the code button, select whether you would like to clone with HTTPS, SSH or GitHub CLI and copy the link shown.
4. Open the terminal in your code editor and change the current working directory to the location you want to use for the cloned directory.
5. Type 'git clone' into the terminal and then paste the link you copied in step 3. Press enter.

- - -

## Testing

Please see [testing.md](testing.md) for all testing performed
- - -

## Credits

### Code Used

This project was created as part of a walkthrough project with the Code Institute for a unit on MongoDB and python.

### Content

### Media
