TESTING.md, before:

# MongoDB Mini Project -  Testing

Site image here

Visit the deployed site: site link here

- - -

## CONTENTS

* [AUTOMATED TESTING](#AUTOMATED-TESTING)
  * [W3C Validator](#W3C-Validator)
  * [JavaScript Validator](#JavaScript-Validator)
  * [Python Validator](#Python-Validator)
  * [Lighthouse](#Lighthouse)
* [MANUAL TESTING](#MANUAL-TESTING)
  * [Testing User Stories](#Testing-User-Stories)
  * [Full Testing](#Full-Testing)

Testing was ongoing throughout the entire build. I utilised Chrome developer tools whilst building to pinpoint and troubleshoot any issues as I went along.

During development I made use of google developer tools to ensure everything was working correctly and to assist with troubleshooting when things were not working as expected.

I utilised the console in the developer tools to work through small sections of JavaScript and ensure that the code was working, and also to troubleshoot where issues were.

I have gone through each page using google chrome developer tools & Firefox inspector tool to ensure that each page is responsive on a variety of different screen sizes and devices.

- - -

## AUTOMATED TESTING

### W3C Validator

[W3C](https://validator.w3.org/) was used to validate the HTML on all pages of the website. It was also used to validate the CSS.

* 

- - -

### JavaScript Validator

[jshint](https://jshint.com/) was used to validate the JavaScript.

* 

- - -

### Python Validator

[PEP8]()was used to validate the python files.

*

- - -


### Lighthouse

I used Lighthouse within the Chrome Developer Tools to test the performance, accessibility, best practices and SEO of the website.

### Desktop Results


### Mobile Results

- - -

## MANUAL TESTING

### Testing User Stories

`First Time Visitors`

| Goals | How are they achieved? |
| :--- | :--- |

`Returning Visitors`

|  Goals | How are they achieved? |
| :--- | :--- |

`Frequent Visitors`

| Goals | How are they achieved? |
| :--- | :--- |

- - -

### Full Testing

Full testing was performed on the following devices:

* Laptop:
  * Macbook Pro 2021 14 inch screen
* Mobile Devices:
  * iPhone 13 pro.
  * iPhone 11 pro.
  * Phone X.

Each device tested the site using the following browsers:

* Google Chrome
* Safari
* Firefox

Additional testing was taken by friends and family on a variety of devices and screen sizes. 


`Home Page`

| Feature | Expected Outcome | Testing Performed | Result | Pass/Fail |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |

Commit message:

added wave testing section & refactored code to remove linting errors

TESTING.md, after:

# MongoDB Mini Project -  Testing

Site image here

Visit the deployed site: site link here

- - -

## CONTENTS

* [AUTOMATED TESTING](#AUTOMATED-TESTING)
  * [W3C Validator](#W3C-Validator)
  * [JavaScript Validator](#JavaScript-Validator)
  * [Python Validator](#Python-Validator)
  * [Lighthouse](#Lighthouse)
  * [WAVE Testing](#WAVE-Testing)
* [MANUAL TESTING](#MANUAL-TESTING)
  * [Testing User Stories](#Testing-User-Stories)
  * [Full Testing](#Full-Testing)

Testing was ongoing throughout the entire build. I utilised Chrome developer tools whilst building to pinpoint and troubleshoot any issues as I went along.

During development I made use of google developer tools to ensure everything was working correctly and to assist with troubleshooting when things were not working as expected.

I have gone through each page using Google Chrome developer tools & Firefox inspector tool to ensure that each page is responsive on a variety of different screen sizes and devices.

- - -

## AUTOMATED TESTING

### W3C Validator

[W3C](https://validator.w3.org/) was used to validate the HTML on all pages of the website. It was also used to validate the CSS.

- - -

### JavaScript Validator

[jshint](https://jshint.com/) was used to validate the JavaScript.

- - -

### Python Validator

[PEP8](http://pep8online.com/)was used to validate the python files.

- - -

### Lighthouse

I used Lighthouse within the Chrome Developer Tools to test the performance, accessibility, best practices and SEO of the website.

### Desktop Results

### Mobile Results

- - -

### WAVE Testing

[WAVE](https://wave.webaim.org/) (Web Accessibility Evaluation Tool) allows developers to create content that is more accessible to users with disabilities. It does this by identifying accessibility and WGAC errors.

- - -

## MANUAL TESTING

### Testing User Stories

`First Time Visitors`

| Goals | How are they achieved? |
| :--- | :--- |

`Returning Visitors`

|  Goals | How are they achieved? |
| :--- | :--- |

`Frequent Visitors`

| Goals | How are they achieved? |
| :--- | :--- |

- - -

### Full Testing

Full testing was performed on the following devices:

* Laptop:
  * Macbook Pro 2021 14 inch screen
* Mobile Devices:
  * iPhone 13 pro.
  * iPhone 11 pro.
  * Phone X.

Each device tested the site using the following browsers:

* Google Chrome
* Safari
* Firefox

Additional testing was taken by friends and family on a variety of devices and screen sizes.

| Feature | Expected Outcome | Testing Performed | Result | Pass/Fail |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `Navbar` |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
